minecraft:ocean
minecraft:plains
minecraft:desert
minecraft:extreme_hills
minecraft:forest
minecraft:taiga
minecraft:swampland
minecraft:river
minecraft:hell
minecraft:sky
minecraft:frozen_ocean
minecraft:frozen_river
minecraft:ice_flats
minecraft:ice_mountains
minecraft:mushroom_island
minecraft:mushroom_island_shore
minecraft:beaches
minecraft:desert_hills
minecraft:forest_hills
minecraft:taiga_hills
minecraft:smaller_extreme_hills
minecraft:jungle
minecraft:jungle_hills
minecraft:jungle_edge
minecraft:deep_ocean
minecraft:stone_beach
minecraft:cold_beach
minecraft:birch_forest
minecraft:birch_forest_hills
minecraft:roofed_forest
minecraft:taiga_cold
minecraft:taiga_cold_hills
minecraft:redwood_taiga
minecraft:redwood_taiga_hills
minecraft:extreme_hills_with_trees
minecraft:savanna
minecraft:savanna_rock
minecraft:mesa
minecraft:mesa_rock
minecraft:mesa_clear_rock
moreplanets:diona
moreplanets:chalos_plains
moreplanets:chalos_moutains
moreplanets:slimely_stream
moreplanets:infected_plains
moreplanets:infected_infested_plains
moreplanets:infected_dead_savanna
moreplanets:infected_dead_savanna_plateau
moreplanets:infected_desert
moreplanets:infected_desert_hills
moreplanets:infected_river
moreplanets:infected_frozen_river
moreplanets:infected_ocean
moreplanets:infected_forest
moreplanets:infected_wooded_hills
moreplanets:infected_deep_ocean
moreplanets:infected_dead_dark_forest
moreplanets:infected_mountains
moreplanets:infected_mountains_edge
moreplanets:infected_wooded_mountains
moreplanets:infected_swamp
moreplanets:infected_taiga
moreplanets:infected_taiga_hills
moreplanets:infected_snowy_taiga
moreplanets:infected_snowy_taiga_hills
moreplanets:infected_giant_tree_taiga
moreplanets:infected_giant_tree_taiga_hills
moreplanets:infected_giant_spruce_taiga
moreplanets:infected_giant_spruce_taiga_hills
moreplanets:infected_jungle
moreplanets:infected_jungle_hills
moreplanets:infected_jungle_edge
moreplanets:infected_snowy_tundra
moreplanets:infected_snowy_mountains
moreplanets:infected_ice_spikes
moreplanets:green_vein_fields
moreplanets:cold_green_vein_moutains
moreplanets:green_vein_field_shore
moreplanets:infected_beaches
moreplanets:infected_stone_shore
moreplanets:infected_snowy_beach
moreplanets:infected_badlands
moreplanets:infected_wooded_badlands_plateau
moreplanets:infected_badlands_plateau
moreplanets:fronos_meadow
moreplanets:fronos_plains
moreplanets:fronos_river
moreplanets:fronos_forest
randomthings:spectral
appliedenergistics2:storage_biome
galacticraftcore:outer space
galacticraftplanets:outer space 1
galacticraftplanets:outer space 2
extraplanets:outer space 3
extraplanets:outer space 4
extraplanets:outer space 5
extraplanets:outer space 6
extraplanets:outer space 7
extraplanets:outer space 8
extraplanets:outer space 9
extraplanets:outer space 10
extraplanets:outer space 11
extraplanets:outer space 12
galaxyspace:space
galaxyspace:spacelowplains
galaxyspace:spacemidplains
galaxyspace:spacelowhills
galaxyspace:spacemidhills
asmodeuscore:-=|worldengine|=-
asmodeuscore:-=|worldengine 2|=-
nuclearcraft:nuclear_wasteland
rats:ratlantis
betteragriculture:farmlandbiome
sevendaystomine:burnt forest
sevendaystomine:burnt jungle
sevendaystomine:wasteland
sevendaystomine:wasteland river
sevendaystomine:burnt cold taiga
sevendaystomine:wasteland ocean
sevendaystomine:wasteland deep ocean
sevendaystomine:wasteland desert
sevendaystomine:wasteland beach
sevendaystomine:dead forest
minecraft:void
minecraft:mutated_plains
minecraft:mutated_desert
minecraft:mutated_extreme_hills
minecraft:mutated_forest
minecraft:mutated_taiga
minecraft:mutated_swampland
minecraft:mutated_ice_flats
minecraft:mutated_jungle
minecraft:mutated_jungle_edge
minecraft:mutated_birch_forest
minecraft:mutated_birch_forest_hills
minecraft:mutated_roofed_forest
minecraft:mutated_taiga_cold
minecraft:mutated_redwood_taiga
minecraft:mutated_redwood_taiga_hills
minecraft:mutated_extreme_hills_with_trees
minecraft:mutated_savanna
minecraft:mutated_savanna_rock
minecraft:mutated_mesa
minecraft:mutated_mesa_rock
minecraft:mutated_mesa_clear_rock
